fix: Launchpad perpetual loading state, in certain circumstances (#29597)
cypress-io/cypress: cli/CHANGELOG.md

**Bugfixes:**

> - Fixes situations where Launchpad would hang if the project config had not been loaded when the Launchpad Main.vue first queries the current project. Fixes [#29486](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/29486).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed a situation where the Launchpad would hang if the project config had not been loaded when the Launchpad first queries the current project. Fixes [#29486](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/29486).
```
